// I give you a scrambled list of n unique integers between 0 and n.
// Tell me what number is missing.

// If I let you use O(nlog(n)) time, what is a naive way of doing this ?


// missing([0,1,4,2,5]) => 3


def which_missing_1(arr)
  arr.sort.each_with_index do |el, idx|
    return idx if el != idx
  end

  arr.length
end

// Next, what if I require that you solve the problem in O(n) time ? 
def missing(arr)
  sorted = (0..arr.length).to_a //[0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
  sorted.each do |num|
    if !arr.include?(num)
      return num
    end
  end
end
// What datastructure might you use ?

// Finally, how could you solve the problem in O(n), and also O(1) space ?

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Consider a coordinate system for the Milky Way, in which Earth is at (0,0,0). Model stars as points, and assume distances are in light years. The Milky Way consists of approximately 10^12 stars, and their coordinates are stored in a file. How would you compute the k stars which are closest to Earth?

Hint: Suppose you know the k closest stars in the first n stars. If the (n + 1)th star is to be added to the set of k closest stars, which element in that set should be evicted?

def k_closest_stars(sequence, k)

end 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Implement a stack with a method max that returns the maximum value of the stack. max should run in O(1) time, no matter what operations are performed on the stack.




class node {
  constructor(value){
    this.value = value;
    this.top = null;
    this.bottom = null;
  }

  push(value){
    let new = new Node(value);
    new.bottom = this.top;
    this.top = new;
  }

  pop(){
    newTop = this.top.bottom;
    this.top = newTop;
    this.top.top = null;
  }

  max(){
    //this.top.value
    let greatest = this.top.value;
    let current = this.top;
    until(!current.bottom){
      if (current.value > greatest){
        greatest = current.value;
      }
      current = current.bottom;
    }
    return greatest;
  }

}